Which of the following is a good distribution of 7 managers across 3 availability zones?

A)
2 - 2 - 3

B)
3 - 1 - 3

C)
1 - 1 - 5

D)
1 - 2 - 4





































Answer  A

We have 7 manager nodes here, so to attain quorum (majority) number is 4. 
Since we have to distribute these 7 manager nodes across 3 availability zones we have to consider network partition and distribute 
the nodes in such a way that even in case if an availability zone is unreachable then also the manager nodes can attain a quorum.

Let's assume we have 3 availability zones A-B-C, Unavailability of an availability zone means - that it is down due to some reason - 
maintenance of network issues.

Option D We distribute here as A-1 B-2 C-4, if C becomes unavailable then A-B cannot attain quorum at all. 
So this is a bad distribution because in the worst case it cannot tolerate the loss of 1 availability zone too.

Option C we distribute as A-1 B-1 C-5, if C becomes unavailable then A-B cannot attain quorum at all. 
So this is a bad distribution because in the worst case it cannot tolerate the loss of 1 availability zone too.

Option B We distribute as A-3 B-1 C-3, If C or A becomes unavailable then we have 4 nodes and can attain quorum with the fault tolerance of 0, 
if B becomes unavailable then we have a quorum with the fault tolerance of 2

Option A We distribute as A-2 B-2 C-3, If A or B becomes unavailable we have quorum and fault tolerance of 1. 
If we C becomes unavailable then we have a quorum with the fault tolerance of 0.

So we can see that in the worst case.

    Option D can tolerate the loss of 0 zones
    Option C can tolerate the loss of 0 zones
    Option B can tolerate the loss of 1 zone
    Option A can tolerate the loss of 1 zone

If we have to pick between A and B,

then In Option A if either A or B goes down we have a quorum with the fault tolerance of 1.

In Option D if either A or C goes down we have a quorum with the fault tolerance of 0.

So even though both Option B and A can tolerate the loss of 1 availability zone in worst case but Option A provides us better fault tolerance 
in most cases and hence it's the best option here